this is our demonstration video for our
hungry map project
and our group members are Elise Nicholas
Jinwoo and Xining
now this is our final visualization
it is a map of Santa Barbara and all
these red paintings represent
restaurants
now what you can do is input your
current or desired location
which I already did it is a latitude and
longitude for uh UCSB
longitude for UCSB
now once you press add marker the map
will move towards your location and once
you zoom in
you can see some of the restaurants
nearby and if you want to quick grab
nearby and if you want a quick grab
these are some of the good options you
can go for
and you can hover over each red pings to
see their names
Coral Tree Cafe rainbow juice Panther
Coral Tree Cafe Jamba juice Panda
Express and such
once you click on him you can see the
review distribution
and
You can also hover over each bar to see
their most recent review date allowing
you to filter some of the outdated
reviews